Skip name attribute for groups in wms capabilities document (#8836)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/server_manual/getting_started.rst

if you want to also insert the layer groups (and subgroups) names
into the layer tree, just like in QGIS Desktop legend.

When QGIS project contains layer groups, they are listed in WMS capabilities document alongside with layers.
If a group (its name as listed in capabilities) is included in WMS GetMap ``LAYERS`` parameter
alongside with names of layers in that group, QGIS would duplicate the layers:
once for the group and once for specific layer.

> Check the |checkbox| :guilabel:`Skip name attribute for groups` option
> to avoid the duplication: group names are not returned in GetCapabilities
> and only the leaf layers can be requested in GetMap.

Author: something like this?
```suggestion
If you check the |checkbox| :guilabel:`Skip name attribute for groups` option,
GetCapabilities will only return title attribute for the group but not its name attribute,
making it impossible to include groups in list of layers of GetMap request.
```

Reviewer: Yes, looks good!
